mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warmth of the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warmth of the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warmth of the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warmth of the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warmth of the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warm to the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
mister leslie palmer who is a sixty two year old male who presents with two weeks of fatigue shortness of breath and palpitations patient also reports instances of feeling like he would pass out he states that he is not short of breath at rest but that even with walking short distances he is short of breath i think i would give him an nyha score of class three he is able to lay flat and denies any recent illness he has a history of hypertension and is on lisinopril his family history includes history of sudden death in his mother and an mi myocardial myocardial infarction in his father he reports a year ago that he had a catheter cardiac catheterization and that was normal he does not smoke drink alcohol or do illicit drugs he is a school teacher review of systems were a positive for fatigue warmth of the touch skin palpitations near syncope wheezing and shortness of breath no chest pain or ortho orthopnea vitals were remarkable for hypotension at eighty over fifty and hypoxia at eighty five percent on remare physical exam showed systolic murmur with s four gallup he had a pmi point of maximal impulse that was displaced laterally lungs were cleared to association there was no calf tenderness no lower extremity edema pt and dp pulses were full and equal bilaterally labs showed a troponin and bnp within normal limits nkg showed left ventricular left ventricular hypertrophy and telseptal r waves echo showed thickened interventricular septum with an ef of sixty percent patient should be admitted to telemetry due to diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiofamilial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy secondary diagnosis will be hypertension i advise the patient that we should discontinue lisinopril and start on disoparamide consult was done with interventional cardiology for aicd placement and cardiothoracic surgeon for either alcohol ablation or myectomy patient is in agreement with plan he was canceled on the further plan and he was alerted of the cause of his symptoms thank you
