sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if you issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if you issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
sixty two year old female presents with complaint of shortness of breath and fatigue she was afebrile tachycardic with a heart rate of one ten o two stats of ninety one which was low pulse of one ten blood pressure one thirty over ninety and respiratory rate of twenty patient had previous viral infection approximately two weeks ago and has continued to have heart palpitations substernal dull chest pain orthopnea dyspnea and shortness of breath at rest previous history positive for high blood pressure and currently takes ten milligrams of lisinopril once daily patient had previous visit to their pcp and they refer them to the ed for their symptoms patient has had muscle aches joint pain and weight gain of eight pounds in the past two week nyha score four since they have experienced symptoms at rest physical exam was positive for gvd but no carotid bluey bruise regular heart sounds with no murmurs pmi was displaced laterally but the chest wall was not tender bilateral rails and wheezing were auscultated lower extremity pitting edema was found but both pulses dp and pt were strong bilaterally no calf tenderness was noted on physical exam negative family history for cardiac if issues father is currently living with alzheimer's in a home facility and the mother died of breast cancer at age eighty nine patient does not use alcohol tobacco products but does drink one cup of coffee daily they have a regular balanced diet and exercise consistently about three times a week they have no known drug allergies and history of a cardiac cath one year ago the troponin was elevated at zero point one and bnp was elevated at four thousand chest x-ray was positive for pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly echo showed dilated cardiomyopathy with a reduced ejection fraction of thirty percent ekg was positive for pvcs right bundle branch block left axis and sinus tach this is consistent with myocarditis dilated cardiomyopathy the patient will be admitted to telemetry vitals q2 hours and activity as tolerated nursing orders to monitor ins and outs daily weight dvt prophylaxis prophylaxis and start on o two nasal cannula to maintain o two stats above ninety six percent diet is low sodium and fluid restriction keeping patient on lisinopril adding six hundred twenty five milligrams acetaminophen by mouth q two q six hours and furosemide forty milligrams iv i ordered seriotroponins the cmp and a repeat two d echo i also put in cults consults to interventional cardiology for aicd and crtd placement and cardiac biopsy another consult to infectious disease for immune globulin and glucocorticoids and a consult to radiology for immediate enhanced mri to detect inflammation of the heart patient is expected to be admitted and discharged they were instructed to maintain a healthy weight and healthy lifestyle once discharged and activity once cleared by a cardiologist
